[Placement Group]Add detached support for placement group. (#13582)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/placement-group.rst

  ray.shutdown()

Placement Group Lifetimes
---------------

.. tabs::
  .. group-tab:: Python

>     Separately, placement group lifetimes can be decoupled from the job and its creator,

Reviewer: Can you actually mention both lifetime? 1. detached. 2. Non-detached (explain this will be cleaned when the job is done and if it is created from a detached actor, it is cleaned when the detached actors are gone). I think it is not explained above.

Author: yeah, It's indeed, thanks for your reminding~

    allowing a placement group persist even after job exits or creator dead.

    .. code-block:: python

>       pg = placement_group([{"CPU": 2}, {"CPU": 2}], strategy="STRICT_SPREAD", lifetime="detached")

Reviewer: Add # first_driver.py

Author: updated.

      ray.get(pg.ready())

    The pg will be kept alive even after the driver running above script exits. Therefore 
    it is possible to get the placement group in a different driver:

    .. code-block:: python

>       table = ray.util.placement_group_table()

Reviewer: Add something like # second_driver.py

Author: updated.

  ray.shutdown()

Placement Group Lifetimes
-------------------------

.. tabs::
  .. group-tab:: Python

>     By default, the lifetimes of placement group is Non-Detached which will be destroy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, the lifetimes of placement groups are not detached and will be destroyed
```

Author: updated.

>     when the job or its creator(even a detached actor) is done. If you want to keep it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    when the driver is terminated (but, if it is created from a detached actor, it is killed when the detached actor is killed). If you'd like to keep the placement group alive regardless of its job or detached actor,
```

Author: updated,

>     alive, you should make its lifetime `detached`, just like the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    specify `lifetime="detached"`. For example, 
```

Author: updated.

    .. code-block:: python

      # first_driver.py
      pg = placement_group([{"CPU": 2}, {"CPU": 2}], strategy="STRICT_SPREAD", lifetime="detached")
      ray.get(pg.ready())

>     The pg will be kept alive even after the driver running above script exits. Therefore 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The placement group's lifetime will be independent of the driver now. This means it is possible to retrieve the placement group from other drivers regardless of when the current driver exits. Let's see an example. 
```

Author: updated.

>     The pg will be kept alive even after the driver running above script exits. Therefore 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The placement group's lifetime will be independent of the driver now. This means it is possible to retrieve the placement group from other drivers regardless of when the current driver exits. Let's see an example. 
```

Author: updated.

>     it is possible to get the placement group in a different driver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: updated.

    .. code-block:: python

      # second_driver.py
      table = ray.util.placement_group_table()
      print(len(table))

    Note that the lifetime option is decoupled from the name. If we only specified
    the name without specifying ``lifetime="detached"``, then the placement group can
    only be retrieved as long as the original driver is still running.

  .. group-tab:: Java

>     Customizing lifetime of an placement group hasn't been implemented in Java yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The lifetime argument is not implemented for Java APIs yet. 
```

Author: updated.
